---
title: 2017. A Year to be Thankful.
date: 2017-01-04 19:25:00 -08:00
---

As we are a few days into 2017 and as I am approaching the ripe age of thirty in a couple of days, I am feeling a mix of emotions but mostly thankful. Ending 2016 was a bit crazy- I broke out in rashes all over my legs and arms. (I will spare the inter-webs of my distress, but if you are curious, feel free to text me for pictures.) However, after seeing the Dermatologist yesterday (thank God my brother-in-law is one himself and hooked it up to see one right away), the pills are definitely treating the itchiness and my irritable self. It's interesting when you find yourself in dire situations and start praying over and over the same few sentences: "God, please heal my rashes. Take them away. Please heal my rashes and make me all better. Please take all my rashes away." It's kind of comical, right? I wonder if God just chuckles to himself or finds it endearing. Either way, He's got me also feeling grateful for my health in general. 
I went to the doctors a month or two ago to get some blood work done to make sure my cholesterol levels were ok. It looks like I'm healthy and that was a relief. I also took this Color-Me test that checks your saliva to see if there could be any traces of cancer in your future. Thankfully, the results came in negative. I am feeling more thankful this week that I have eyes to see, hands that work, legs that run, a mouth that likes to eat yummy food, and a heart that beats- all because of some crazy rash I have all over my legs and arms. Maybe it's the mentality of, "things could be worse." 
It's important to be thankful of the mindless things of my usual day as I am approaching another birthday. I am alive. I am breathing. I can kind of see as I trek my way to the bathroom to pee every night. Thank God for LASIK. I am able to afford rent in this crazy city. I love my husband and he loves me. My husband likes comfort and has no hesitation turning on our heater. I have a great job. And awesome coworkers. I have the best friends in the world. My Mom is far away but we try to see each other once a year. My brother is too nice. I'm staring at a live Christmas tree in our house while my husband is cooking something in our new Instant Pot. I can bake things. I don't have diabetes yet. I have a dozen mangoes in my fridge because they were on sale at Smart and Final. We plan to travel more this year. The list could go on and on. I plan to be more grateful for the little things this year. And to ease the furrow on my face. YAI!