---
title: I Got It From My Mama.
date: 2016-10-27 20:33:00 -07:00
layout: post
---

M and I have a goal of taking one big trip a year. Earlier this year, we were excited about possibly jumping on the bandwagon and flying to Iceland! In the process of planning, I was thinking if we would see my mom this year or not, and then I had the idea of meeting my mom in Hawaii! I shyly brought the idea up to M, not really knowing if he would be on board to spend his one week of break with my mom, but he happily replied, "That's a great idea!" That's right- I married a good one.
So we put plans of Iceland on hold and started looking at tickets to Hawaii. And before you know it, October rolls around and we're not only meeting my mom in Oahu, my brother, D, is meeting us there from San Diego! The four of us spend a whole week together in the beautiful land of Oahu.
We definitely took advantage of the shaved ice and poke selection on the island. Sometimes we were eating with one hand and the other hand would be perusing through Yelp, figuring out where we would be eating next. When we were at a restaurant, M would order his meal, D would then order his, and when I asked my mom what she wanted to eat, she would automatically reply, "I will share with you and eat whatever you are having." I didn't think too much about this in the beginning because 1. my mom doesn't eat that much anyways, 2. she probably doesn't want me eating that much and sharing would help that, and 3. the mother can be quite frugal and paying for an extra meal wouldn't make sense if she can't even finish it anyways. But that always left me with half a meal and half a stomach full. M even would notice her sharing habits and say to me, "Are you OK with your mom sharing your food?" M being full aware I typically eat more than him and also knowing how hangry I become if my stomach is not full. 
And then it hit me hard. I turn to M with the most apologetic eyes and say, "Namj. I am so sorry. I will never ask you to share your food with me ever again." For all the times we go out and I'm being stingy and conscious of my food intake, I always ask him if we could share something or if I could have "just one bite" of what he's ordering. But come on. We all know that I end up eating more than "just one bite" and I should have ordered my own plate. We would have both been happier. And now I know- I got it from my mama. 